#LV3 Notes for 2016-02-23
##AIAA/Github stuff
* LV3 team members, please go to the sw-cad-airframe-LV3.0 repository and add your name to the list in the README.md so we know for sure who is able to access that repo.
* I'm working on the extended abstract for the AIAA paper. I'm doing it as a LaTeX document. 
	* Can someone find the exact numbers for the weight reduction and strength increase that the 2014 team got? I can't seem to find them in the Final Book or Final Report. If you have any other ideas for "preliminary results" type info, that would be helpful. 
	* If you want to add to it, open the .tex file and just add what you want and push your changes to Github. This would actually be a pretty good test to make sure you know how to use Git. 
		* You don't actually need to worry about doing LaTeX stuff. Just type what you want into the appropriate sections and leave a blank line between paragraphs. I'll end up rendering the document to PDF the text time I work on it anyways. If you want me to put something in that you don't know how to make just add a line like like
        % hey, put an image of the rocket here. 
	*If you want to actually render the document, you'll need to install MikTeX (for windows users) or the TeXLive package (for Linux/Mac users). For an editor, I suggest (in order of bestness) TeXMaker, TeXnicCenter, or a text editor like notepad or Gedit.
		* If you want to learn LaTeX stuff, I can help you with it. [This wikibook](https://en.wikibooks.org/wiki/LaTeX) and this tutorial document ([TeX](https://www.tug.org/tug2014/latexclass-sample.tex)) ([PDF](https://www.tug.org/tug2014/latexclass-sample.pdf)) are 99.9% of everthing you would ever need to know. Google is the rest.  
		
##Materials news
* PCC donation (see the dedicated update for more detailed info)
	* Got 70 yd by 6 foot roll of carbon fiber.
	* Got ~200 yd by 3 foot of fiber glass.
	* Got 17 yd by 3 foot of AF 30 adhesive (wrong kind!!!)
	* stored the majority of everything in the VMS freezer
	* stored the remainder in the biology cold room
	* STILL NEED A FREEZER!
* Started a module layup
	* used some spray adhesive to hold everything down during the layup, hoping the AF 30 will get tackier when it's hot
	

##PSAS meeting
* 
