#General

*PC Composites, Machine Sciences, and Boeing have showed interest in donating material/machining.
*Trapezoidal fins with a large sweep angle (70 degrees from perpendicular) show a slight advantage over other fin types, based on some preliminary OpenRocket testing.

#PSAS meeting notes

* **Getting a freezer for the CF is our immediate bottleneck.** LV4 is in charge of this, but there's no reason LV3 can't help.
	*See Boeing notes about sizes.
	*There are walk-in freezers in the SRTC. I'll ask about them.
*We should ask Machine Sciences if they would be willing to do the machining for the NSR too. (After the stuff for LV3 of course.)
*Does the CF need so be stored in an inert atmosphere?
	*No, according to Sandie, our Boeing contact, it just needs to be vacuum bagged to block moisture and kept in a freezer.
*If we're worried about heating in the nose cone, we should look up what temperature epoxy starts to be damaged at.
*N-class motors are essentially our design motors.
*During the PSAS meeting next week there will be a short introduction to Github... in theory.
*Open question for the whole airframe mailing list and LV3: **what stability margin caliber is too low?**
	*Stability margin caliber is how far the center of pressure (CP) is behind the center of gravity (CG) in units of rocket diameters.

#Boeing meeting notes

*The Boeing CF comes in widths ranging from 6" to 60". They have 24" wide rolls, which would be ideal. (The PCC rolls are 5 feet?)
*If Boeing donates material it will be 8276 (unidirectional) and expired.
	*"Cat 1" or "Category 1" material is super-primo aerospace grade.
	*"Cat 3" or "Category 3" material is no longer fit for making planes, but still pretty great.
*The prepreg they use isn't tacky at room temperature.
	*They use tackifier (basically adhesive) to get it to stick to things. Heating it might also work.
	*They might not have any adhesive sheets to donate, since that's not a thing they really use.
* **We need to make a list of the things we want from them, including quantities.**
*The way material donations from Boeing work is this... They keep a bunch of stock. Sometimes some of it goes unused and expires. Sometimes they order a lot of stuff and their freezers get full. When this stuff happens, they normally just pass it on to the University of Washington.
	*Because we're not part of this default donation process, we need to periodically ask if there's going to be a donation cycle soon. Leslie has volunteered to do this.
*There *might* be future seminars on CF, composites, and material science.
