Okay, here's the info I got from the PSAS meeting tonight (Jan. 19).

They really want us to learn to use Git and Github (yes, there is a GUI available for Windows), since that is how they manage all of their knowledge. A part of what we need to do on this front is make a how-to guide of what we do (including stuff from the previous capstone) that someone could follow without talking to us. So ideally, all of the necessary knowledge should be self-contained in our documentation. There's someone arranging a meeting specifically to teach Git and Github to ME students (date TBD). There's another similar meeting for CS students (also TBD) which will be of the same introductory nature. Erin mentioned that his group did their sloppy work in Google Drive, and then pushed the good stuff to Github on a weekly basis. However, he also said that their documentation was atrocious, so maybe we just want to start doing everything in Github (once we learn to use it). Some keywords worth searching on the Github: "LV3", "carbon process", "mme-capstone". We should all sign up for the PSAS Github, so we can make changes. (not sure how to do this yet)

The fin can bears the load of the engine.

There are some jars of adhesive that the previous team used in the rocket lab (actually, I think they're just surface prep, iirc). Pictures to follow.

Speaking of pictures, I got some of the rail buttons. We are allowed to change the fin button design, but if we do, we must alter the rail as well so that it works with the systems built around it. the rail buttons penetrate the fin can. (Also, passing the fins through the fin can might not be such a good idea, since it will sever a lot of fibers.)

Most/all of the relevant CAD/CAM files can be found by searching "LV3" in the PSAS Github.

Most of the work for the previous capstone was done in the materials testing lab.

We can make the nose out of CF. The only stipulation is that we need a good reason. For example, if the fiberglass process is too difficult or we think it's just too heavy, we can ask the ECE people to just deal with it and put their radio somewhere else. **This means that we need to figure out the pros and cons of a CF nosecone versus a FG cone and convey those to PSAS.** The main con of a CF nosecone is that you can't put radios in it. They can't use the "bacon" antenna because that's designed for a different frequency than the ones they want to put on the cone. Also, the FG nose in the rocket lab is not a mandrel. It's the backup if we fail.

We should use launch 12 as our starting point for the dynamics of LV3. The OpenRocket simulation for LV2 is extremely accurate, like within a few percent. It's also valid for the range of Mach numbers we're working with (invalid in hypersonic). It's recommended that we copy all of the stuff in the launch 12 folder into the launch 13 folder and do our tweaking there (part of our documentation for future rocketeers).

There is no carbon fiber left over from the previous capstone. It's all multiple years past its expiry date and has been used by VMS. So, we do need to source CF. There's some Nomex left, but I don't know how much. We can definitely work with the other CF team on this. Speaking of which, Andrew suggested that we basically think of the two groups as being two divisions of a super group. Maybe we should think about holding our meetings together? Along those lines, I invited Andrew to join us in our meetings, essentially as our client/industry advisor. He says he'll try to make it at 9, but probably more like 9:30.

The motor is an N type from Cesaroni. Although, everything we need to know about it should be in the OpenRocket model.

We need to be able to predict fin flutter. When going transonic, if the fins aren't rigid enough, they'll resonate and get torn off of the rocket. Jeremy suggested the software FinSim (AeroFinSim?).

Nathan is in charge of the OpenRocket stuff. (Who is Nathan?)

If we have other logistics questions, we should email Andrew (don't forget to CC).

Non-PSAS stuff:
We can try to get some funding from ASME too. We have to submit a slideshow about our project on Feb. 1, which is the day before we do our PDS presentation. Clearly, we should be making our slideshow to work for both. Then (before or after a selection process?), there's a meeting on Feb. 19 from 6-8pm. At least one of us has to be an ASME member ($25). 
