Yo PSAS,

Here're a few updates and things we need to do for the airframe. Stuff that needs action from people is in **bold**.

## Noseconey Things
On Friday, the propellant tank team helped demold the nosecone Adam and I laid up earlier in the week. The seam between the half shells wasn't fully wetted with epoxy and the halves were misaligned, so it's not a flyable nosecone.

**I would like to review the process and results with Adam.** I think we can fix the problems with something like the following:

* Layup each half shell normally, leaving the flange dry.
* Vacuum bag each half shell.
* Unbag and demold each half shell.
* Wet the flanges with epoxy.
* Align and clamp the shells.
* Smooth over the flanges.

## Fin-Cany Things
We have _almost_ everything we need to make a fin can.

#### brackets

We need to make some more brackets. Adam and I know how to do this. Andrew expressed an interest in learning how to make brackets, so **perhaps one of us can outsource some bracket making to him or someone**. It's relatively straight forward if you've seen someone do it and been told what the gotchas are.


#### sanding
We need to sand one of the adhesive-surfaced modules. We have a contraption for that. To use it, we need to 3D print a variant of the spider. I already sent an email to the LID mailing list, but **if someone wants to check if it's on the queue, that'd be great. If it's not, please add it. We need two of them.** The relevant info for the print is as follows:

Parameter | Value
---------|---------
File: | [STL](https://github.com/psas/lv3.0-airframe/blob/master/cad/finCan/fatSpider.STL)
Extents: | 6.0 inches in diameter and 0.55 inches tall
Units: | inches
Printer: | Ultimaker 3 or Ultimaker 2
Color: | don't care
Infill: | 20%
_Wall thickness_: | _3 layers_
Detail: | 2/5 (like 0.2 or 0.3 mm; doesn't matter too much)
